fungal fury what's the deal
gonna be a quick string right quick I
might get back on later to talk but
right now we have to talk about
entertainment earth and its aim at Earth
this video is brought to you and
sponsored by Entertainment Earth bring
Hollywood home yeah we all do what's up
little man 360 was to do little Jay man
I apologize
all right people so cause some of y'all
know Jeff i'ma holla at you this place
let's play live and stream it brother
let's get it stop ducking me anyway
people this is uh this video was
sponsored and brought to you by
Entertainment Earth of course y'all know
if you have no fatherland your boy is
sponsored by Entertainment Earth so they
randomly send me pops every now and then
to do a review and today they brought
they sent me the Kingsman the Secret
Service not too excited about this box
because for obvious reasons but the next
box that I'm supposed to get I'm
definitely excited for so anyway let's
get into it
just recently watch this
you got Harry that open it up bags that
looks dope yeah open it up
my psychic wanted to join there what's
good in the Asian morass Kim what's it
do
as Harry with the arm brother and the
Pinstripe suit let me see look at the
glasses on it yeah Anna Torres was to do
know he got the red white and blue for
the Britain uh the Britain colors as
dope
yeah they'd a from Britain it's a Secret
Service from Britain to Kingsman yeah I
appreciate that you like that what's up
Steve shop was the next pop that's a
dude huh
his name's eggsy can't wait for this
season yo what's the deal Alyssa what up
Brandon 17 chases damn yeah uh hold on
I'm sorry people this video is sponsored
by Entertainment Earth so I don't know
if I can say certain things my favorite
man I appreciate seventh a Steve Wow
we'll keep it PG Wow you know cuz they
may be watching so I'm not gonna say
certain things I want to watch back to
this video I'll jump back on we could
talk regular nonsense open it up
if y'all watch the movie man you got
Valentine this looks just like the
Samuel Jackson character
I watched it
you weren't here yesterday oh yeah
No they got him down to the adidas look
at that and when the glasses
yes spot-on look at the glasses with the
law a little spectacle joint that he was
using in the movie that's pretty dope
what you got over there with eggsy I
sort of people eggsy okay just the main
character the movie of course y'all seen
shown outfit girl move your hands out
the way there you go now that's pretty
good man looks just like the character
all right last but not least this is my
favorite pop out the set hands down it's
that chick gizelle with the sores on her
feet is that a boy or girl I said that's
a girl in the movie she got like sores
or knives on her feet and should you're
running in and cutting people up dope oh
yeah that's dope
look at that it's on a little standing I
did swords and everything on her feet
yeah yeah got a little stain like this
thing comes off oh no I ain't gonna try
cuz you might break it but yeah we ain't
buying these you crazy all the notices a
dope set I wouldn't personally buy it
for myself
I don't like the Kingsmen that much but
to do a review for free why not
it's a dope set though so you got
gizelle you got Harry
and where's Valentine you got Valentine
it's the Kingsmen uh Jay Rogers the
Kingsmen the movie the Kingsman the
Secret Service it's a four set marks if
you want to put them back in you can
keep them up hmm well yeah for pops my
opinion is not a bad set for me to kick
out $60 no I wouldn't do it yeah but
these two of my favorite Harry in Gazoo
I've been when I see you shaking the
camera girl alright that's it a quick
review of the King's new props this
video is brought to you and sponsored by
entertainment earth I don't know if I
supposed to do this line I think they
want me to do a video of it and have
dang watermark flash throughout the
whole thing but I figure if I show this
that's enough so yeah that's it for the
review I'm gonna go ahead and jump off
here and we'll do another one where we
could talk props and other stuff but
yeah have sponsors so I can't say too
much Steve
you feel me so I see y'all in a little
bit y'all jump on the next string then
we could talk see a little bit